Creative Commons Legal Code

CC BY-ND 4.0

Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and
conditions that creators and other rights holders may use to share
original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright
and certain other rights specified in the public license below. The
following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not
exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.

     Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are
     intended for use by those authorized to give the public
     permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by
     copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are
     irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms
     and conditions of the license they choose before applying it.
     Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before
     applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the
     material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any
     material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-
     licensed material, or material used under an exception or
     limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors:
     wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensors

     Considerations for the public: By using one of our public
     licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the
     licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If
     the licensor's permission is not necessary for any reason--for
     example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to
     copyright--then that use is not regulated by the license. Our
     licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain
     other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use of
     the licensed material may still be restricted for other
     reasons, including because others have copyright or other
     rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests,
     such as asking that all changes be marked or described.
     Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to
     respect those requests where reasonable. More considerations
     for the public:
     wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensees

=======================================================================

License

THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE
COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY
COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS
AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.

BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY
BE CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS
CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.

1. Definitions

   a. "Adaptation" means a work based upon the Work, or upon the Work
      and other pre-existing works, such as a translation, adaptation,
      derivative work, arrangement of music or other alterations of a
      literary or artistic work, or phonogram or performance and includes
      cinematographic adaptations or any other form in which the Work may
      be recast, transformed, or adapted including in any form recognizably
      derived from the original, except that a work that constitutes a
      Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose of
      this License. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a musical
      work, performance or phonogram, the synchronization of the Work in
      timed-relation with a moving image ("synching") will be considered
      an Adaptation for the purpose of this License.
   b. "Collection" means a collection of literary or artistic works, such
      as encyclopedias and anthologies, or performances, phonograms or
      broadcasts, or other works or subject matter other than works listed
      in Section 1(f) below, which, by reason of the selection and
      arrangement of their contents, constitute intellectual creations,
      in which the Work is included in its entirety in unmodified form
      along with one or more other contributions, each constituting
      separate and independent works in themselves, which together are
      assembled into a collective whole. A work that constitutes a
      Collection will not be considered an Adaptation (as defined above)
      for the purposes of this License.
   c. "Distribute" means to make available to the public the original and
      copies of the Work or Adaptation, as appropriate, through sale or
      other transfer of ownership.
   d. "License Elements" means the following high-level license attributes
      as selected by Licensor and indicated in the title of this License:
      Attribution, NonCommercial, ShareAlike, and NoDerivatives.
   e. "Licensor" means the individual, individuals, entity or entities that
      offer(s) the Work under the terms of this License.
   f. "Original Author" means, in the case of a literary or artistic work,
      the individual, individuals, entity or entities who created the Work
      or if no individual or entity can be identified, the publisher; and
      in addition (i) in the case of a performance the actors, singers,
      musicians, dancers, and other persons who act, sing, deliver, declaim,
      play in, interpret or otherwise perform
